---
title: could I succeed in my goal? 
category: diary
image: /assets/img/diary/default.jpg
---
\\
Well... Could I speak english fuently in the future?  
I have doubt that i could succeed in my goal. 
I was and am so eager to be fluent in english. 
therfore these day... um from last july up to now I've been larning english and 
I dont feel like huge improvement in regard to times I spent on! 
how disappointed! I've been studing day in and day out almost everyday!!! 
yes it's been 6 months and still I'm strugling when i'm speaking wheter on the phone or in person. 
ahhhhhh ....  
\\
I wish i had known proper method of learning language first i started studying seriously.  
I recently realized how important it would be... 
first time i began to learn english, i only watched videos only spoken english which teaching english. 
at fisrt i watched every videos on the channel Comprehensible input for ESL(i dont remember exact name of this) on youtube. 
it well worked a litte bit because i can understand almost everything. he explained easily that i can catch up on some words and 
make me understand english without thinking about grammar rules. 
and then I moved onto other videos but other videos were so difficult and not my appropriate level to me to study with. 
at that time i don't realilize this and i have no idea how much could i understand and what is efficient way of learning language.  
\\
i don't think it dosn't work but it's so time consuming to go on. so I started new way of learning one month ago.
nowadays i use linq website. this is well-made site i think. it has a lot of useful lessons and free. 
it doesn't charge me. and from this site i'm doing repetition listening. 
after I listen to each audio lesson once i download these and I repeat listening over and over so i can memorize new words.  
\\
and i started reading also. I didn't think reading is important when learning language. 
to understand better, I should reading a lot. I heared reading can improve my enlgish more efficiently.  
\\
anyway I decided to write down anything on my mind on this blog in english from now on.  